the empire state building in the distance
a small piece of paper from jeep in front of us
which means that we are right in
new york on the international scene
Auto show is not necessarily the biggest one
automesse that is here in america
that's the fault of the beginning of the year
be there but in michigan in the then
not so many cars sold here
driving on the east coast in new york
the people car and that's why they show
German manufacturers also here their
new hits
especially at mercedes-benz this
he is the new cl, however, this one
version we have not seen yet
that it is the amg version that
datasheet 360 ps from 0 to 100 in 4.6
seconds 250 tip that at one
consumption of only 6.9 liters unfortunately has
This one also dare a little problem
costs a little bit more 56,000
euro wants to have mercedes in america
it costs the way, only 47 thousand dollars
that is really you should because
Buy here and then navigate over it
but probably the tax
a bit problematic
It is crucial in this car that he
shows where mercedes goes namely again
in the direction of saloon
You did not really like that
hears then would rather like to
four-door coupe say but it is one
car for the Chinese and
American and Russian markets
mainly but I think so too
one or two Germans could become one
make friends with it
I do not want to deprive you of that
the shell is the 1000 here is the
live and in color
what do you need for this car first
sometimes a mustang $ 50,000 base price
then comes the shelby conversion for
$ 150000 on top of it
that means three times the basic price
again and top then you have 200,000
Dollar invests and gets a car
that's an incredible 1,200 17 ps
is bugatti veyron level below
then puts also award the
the bugatti veyron costs about one
million of but a bargain compared
small problem that only exists here
buy that means he has to import one
that means dear europeans
if you could do that at all
here drive over the short insert over
ships and from now on it goes on
the highway
the real highlight is the
American crazy way you have to
hiding under the earth and hiding
the new jeep cherokee the fair halls
lie over us and down here craxi who
about concrete slabs that should be something like that
like the american answer on the
course rover evoque, of course
cheaper from my point of view you can see that
a bit too but he is one
Hope for the suv class
there will be here this year
the market and 2014 in German one would
say women are americans
a bit vulgar and say so
this is the chevy camaro and that
the new facelift 2014 though we have it
In 2013, Germany is the
dare to enter the market
come but here it will be
refreshed you can see that especially
at the new front is a bit
Steeper has these round rings women
I do not like it anymore
It's not that good, but it's supposed to be
no longer liked but the customer
because they want to buy it
looks like a shrunken mercedes
s class is but a hyundai and indeed
a topseller but unfortunately only here in
america this is the new battery the big one
hyundai saloon on the
There is no German market
although it really would be nice to
also to see with us
because it costs about a third of
a mercedes-s-class with us
that he is the new jaguar xj in the
We have already had a r version in los angeles
seen the xfr and now they have the
v8 compressor times 550 ps
also planted in the xj that is
bmw m 7 there is not an audi s8
has only 520 horses and the new s
class comes only in the course of the year
that is until s 1 s 63 amg gives that
It takes a while to get there
to pass the time but as
Rich person and who can here
the new jack would be my cameraman
say this is a family car
we would probably be hers
monster is my cameraman , so to speak
also comes from america and there you know
this car that is the toyota
highlander here in his latest in
his third generation and the shows
actually where it is in America right now
go again or better again
Go back because the gasoline is back
cheap 75 cents of liter and there can
then you just look at such a monster
suv diligently to complete our
little new york tour is coming
to a car this is almost in the
Contrary to all that is what we are
so far this has been the one seen here
mercedes b class for americans
completely new car for us too because that
it being the b-class electric drive
electronics are not here yet
connected is not synonymous
but here are batteries and in the
Sandwich ground that is
This car can drive purely electric
and that is not some study
no, this car is now also
sold though in a limited edition
edition of about 300 pieces so very cheap
he is not told then yet
no price yet
but not everyone will afford that
can still the future of this
electrically the present here it
still powered by gasoline and has
right ps but that is
new york the city of opposites and
with it 1